The Subaru Impreza WRX STi was the car that launched Subaru into fame. The tiny rally car is equipped with a turbocharged flat boxer motor (the pistons are placed horizontally rather than vertically/in a V-shape), with a weight distribution of 55 front/45 rear. The car's first rally win was in Acropolis, Greece, 1994. It went on to win 10 more rallies over the next 2 years, with a win ratio of 39.3%!
The Mitsubishi Lancer Evo I was Subaru's direct competitor, and they were very similar in design. The main difference was the motor, which was an inline four compared to Subaru's boxer four. Unfortunately, the Evo I wasn't as successful until later years, as the Evo I only placed three podiums out of its 13 rallies. Mitsubishi had not yet fully committed to rally racing, and it showed.
The Peugeot 205 Turbo was an incredibly successful Group B car. It had a 46.7% win rate, with a total of 7 wins. This hatchback was present when rally racing was the fastest it had ever been, which was Group B. With the amount of casualties that resulted from the extremely high power cars and dangerous raods, the FIA had to restrict engine power in the following seasons, which is why cars in Group A have almost half the power.
The Mazda 787B is quite literally a legendary car. It was Prototype racing car that participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans twice, and won the second time. It was known for its high reliablity during the race despite it's unique and un-tested design. It sported a rotary engine, which used rotating triangles rather than pistons that move up and down. Ironically, the engine was known for its problems outside of motorsports.
The Nissan R32 GTR was such a successful race car it was given the name "Godzilla," and the name has stuck ever since. Even the most recent version, the R35, is still referred to as Godzilla. The R32 GTR was given this name because from 1900-1993, it won literally every race it entered, which was 15. This is one of the few reasons why the production version of this race car is so expensive! A clean example of an R32 is upwards of $50,000.
The TOM's Toyota Supra was built to race against Porsche's, Ferrari's, and Lamborghini's on the track. What's interesting about this specific Supra is it made use of a smaller engine than what was offered in production models. It used a turbocharged inline four rather than a twin-turbocharged inline six. What's more, is that the twin-turbocharged inline six was known for its insanely high power output with just a couple of modifications.